of interest Jim we've talked about Davis
going to number one in the provisional
World Rankings win or lose this final
well if what Ana does win it he'll go
above Jimmy White into fourth and the
provisional standings 47 well I just
wonder is he praying
certainly have to pray very hard to stop
water in a full flight 48
Hey
fifty-five
63 you want
correction 62 white John Street just
made a correction he's me right for all
there he's now correct it is 62
Oh
so what and it just needs this black and
one more red and it'll be firmly on
course for a 3-1 mid-session leader
69 the question now Jim can we see
back-to-back and century breaks
not only that but possible 144 break
available that that would supersede Alan
McManus is 138
it's the highest break of the tournament
so far I'm the eighth and we put water
in line for a sixteen hundred pound
bonus
eighty-five
eighty-six separate pockets look like
dust bins to James the only really
problem read is that one nearest the
right hand pushing read why do I feel
that nothing is a problem for him 94
basically Jim because nothing is
actually achievement at any level
sneaker leaving a decision that's about
centuries to do is in a ranking given
final define achievement 102
ah
see which color he climbs for here if he
screws back for the blue which would
have failed himself easier position on
the yellow benign mite will mean a 142
total clearance still good enough to
give him the highest break of the
tournament thus far sensible choice of
future
171 sinner is five pots away from
raising the roof here at this Imperial
Queens Park Hotel Arena
120 little Davis can do that you sit in
his chair and admire 124
pushing yes these once in prime position
for the pink
other Steve Davis hold